docs/docs/css.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 5
---

# CSS

Like any component, if you want to override a component's styles using custom classes, you can use the `className` prop.

```jsx
<MuiTelInput className="my-class-name" />
```

Then, you can use the differents global class names (see below) to target an element of `MuiTelInput`.
Classes are also abstracted and exported as `classes`, to keep a stable interface for consumers.

| 	Global class       | exported constant          | Description                                                                                                                   |
| ---------------------|----------------------------| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `.MuiTelInput-TextField`      | `classes.textField`                          | 	Styles applied to the root element.                                                                                                                   |
| `.MuiTelInput-IconButton`    | `classes.flagButton`                            | 	Styles applied to the [IconButton](https://mui.com/material-ui/api/icon-button/) of the current flag.                                                                                                                   |
| `.MuiTelInput-Flag`    | `classes.flag`                                  | 	Styles applied to a flag.                                                                                                                   |
| `.MuiTelInput-Menu`    | `classes.menu`                                  | 	Styles applied to [Menu](https://mui.com/material-ui/api/menu/) component.                                                                                                                   |
| `.MuiTelInput-MenuItem`   | `classes.menuItem`                               | 	Styles applied to a flag item of the [Menu](https://mui.com/material-ui/api/menu/).                                                                                                                   |
| `.MuiTelInput-ListItemIcon-flag`      | `classes.listItemIconFlag`                     | 	Styles applied to the [ListItemIcon](https://mui.com/material-ui/api/list-item-icon/) of a flag item                                                                                                                   |
| `.MuiTelInput-ListItemText-country`    | `classes.listItemTextCountry`                             | 	Styles applied to the [ListItemText](https://mui.com/material-ui/api/list-item-text/) of a flag item                                                                                                                   |
| `.MuiTelInput-Typography-calling-code`   | `classes.callingCode`                               | 	Styles applied to the calling code of a flag item                                                                                                                  |

For example: target the `.MuiTelInput-Flag` global class name to customize the current selected flag.

## Example with styled-component / emotion

```jsx
import { styled } from 'styled-component' // or emotion
import { MuiTelInput } from 'mui-tel-input'

const MuiTelInputStyled = styled(MuiTelInput)`
  & input {
    color: red;
  }
`

function MyComponent() {
  return <MuiTelInputStyled />
}
```

Or using `classes`:

```jsx
import { styled } from 'styled-component' // or emotion
import { MuiTelInput, classes } from 'mui-tel-input'

const WithStyledFlag = styled(MuiTelInput)`
  .${classes.flag} > img {
    filter: grayscale(100%);
    width: 20px;
  }
`

function MyComponent() {
  return <WithStyledFlag />
}
```

Commit message:

Expose flagImage className
Adds to !128. Now consumers don't have to select the image within the flag using potentially unsafe selectors (that might break over time) but can use a constant. Sharpens namings on exposed classes: `classes.flag` becomes `flagContainer`, to express that the span around the img is targeted

docs/docs/css.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 5
---

# CSS

Like any component, if you want to override a component's styles using custom classes, you can use the `className` prop.

```jsx
<MuiTelInput className="my-class-name" />
```

Then, you can use the differents global class names (see below) to target an element of `MuiTelInput`.
Classes are also abstracted and exported as `classes`, to keep a stable interface for consumers.

| 	Global class                          | exported constant             | Description                                                                                            |
|----------------------------------------|-------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `.MuiTelInput-TextField`               | `classes.textField`           | 	Styles applied to the root element.                                                                   |
| `.MuiTelInput-IconButton`              | `classes.flagButton`          | 	Styles applied to the [IconButton](https://mui.com/material-ui/api/icon-button/) of the current flag. |
| `.MuiTelInput-Flag`                    | `classes.flagContainer`       | 	Styles applied to the element around the image of a flag.                                             |
| `.MuiTelInput-Flag-Image`              | `classes.flagImage`           | 	Styles applied to the image within a flag element.                                                    |
| `.MuiTelInput-Menu`                    | `classes.menu`                | 	Styles applied to [Menu](https://mui.com/material-ui/api/menu/) component.                            |
| `.MuiTelInput-MenuItem`                | `classes.menuItem`            | 	Styles applied to a flag item of the [Menu](https://mui.com/material-ui/api/menu/).                   |
| `.MuiTelInput-ListItemIcon-flag`       | `classes.listItemIconFlag`    | 	Styles applied to the [ListItemIcon](https://mui.com/material-ui/api/list-item-icon/) of a flag item  |
| `.MuiTelInput-ListItemText-country`    | `classes.listItemTextCountry` | 	Styles applied to the [ListItemText](https://mui.com/material-ui/api/list-item-text/) of a flag item  |
| `.MuiTelInput-Typography-calling-code` | `classes.callingCode`         | 	Styles applied to the calling code of a flag item                                                     |

For example: target the `.MuiTelInput-Flag` global class name to customize the current selected flag.

## Example with styled-component / emotion

```jsx
import { styled } from 'styled-component' // or emotion
import { MuiTelInput } from 'mui-tel-input'

const MuiTelInputStyled = styled(MuiTelInput)`
  & input {
    color: red;
  }
`

function MyComponent() {
  return <MuiTelInputStyled />
}
```

Or using `classes`:

```jsx
import { styled } from 'styled-component' // or emotion
import { MuiTelInput, classes } from 'mui-tel-input'

const WithStyledFlag = styled(MuiTelInput)`
  .${classes.flag} > img {
    filter: grayscale(100%);
    width: 20px;
  }
`

function MyComponent() {
  return <WithStyledFlag />
}
```
